Fixes to output docs in user manual (#440)
legend-exp/remage: docs/manual/output.md

computed. This is based on summing the energy deposited in each `{UID}` added,
or across all registered sensitive _Germanium_ detectors (if this macro command
is not used). The event is then discarded if the energy is less than or equal to
`ELOW` or more than `EHIGH`.

:::{note}

This mechanism will remove the data from the event across all output schemes,
not only the _Germanium_! However, `OutputSchemes` with their `StoreAlways()`

> function returning `true`, like the `TrackOutputScheme` or the
> `VertexOutputScheme` will always store their output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function returning `true`, like the `RMGTrackOutputScheme` or the
`RMGVertexOutputScheme` will always store their output.
```

either we should use the full class names, or just use "the vertex or track output schemes" (i.e., not highlighted as code)
